Previously on Dexter...
Two treasure hunters
made a ghastly discovery today
when they stumbled on what
appears to be an underwater graveyard
in a crevice off the coast of Miami.
Agent Lundy has requested
the following officers
for his joint task force.
We're a team, and our first play
is lDing those bodies.
l'm Dexter Morgan.
l know who you are.
Hoping they'll talk to you?
They always speak.
You just got to ask the right question.
Harry was right.
Nothing stays buried,
perhaps not even me.
Should l be worried about Pascal?
You're asking me because. . .
Because you've done the job.
So, if she's out, that means you're back in.
l won't dignify rumors, Captain.
Pascal's fine.
You need to wrap your wrists,
so you don't hurt yourself again.
l'm sorry.
We'll get you into a program,
we'll get you the help you need,
and l will be there for you.
l'm Dexter,
and l'm not sure what l am.
Everyone in that room
has heard or lived far worse
than anything you've ever done.
- l doubt it.
- How full of shit are you?
The mask is slipping.
People who never mattered before
are suddenly starting to matter.
Didn't your tour in the army
include some special op in Haiti?
- There's my sponsor.
- Really? Where?
Just as the worst heatwave
in years hits Miami,
the heat is aIso on me.
lt"s week three of
the Bay Harbor Butcher investigation,
and super duper Special Agent Lundy
has yet to throw up his hands and say,
"'Wow, this guy's good. l give up."'
Dexter, please.
Do you want me to help?
No. l just...
l just need you to move.
l'm sorry. lt's just, you know,
my mother's coming today.
l certainly do.
l haven't seen her in so long, and. . .
l just want everything to be nice.
We kind of ended things on bad terms.
She and Paul didn't get along so well.
A lot of people and Paul
didn't get along so well.
Yeah. But l. . .
l think she's willing to put that behind us.
she heard about Paul's passing
and she wanted to come and be supportive.
That sounds promising, right?
Absolutely.
You'll like her, Dexter. She's great.
She's a very strong woman.
l'll keep that in mind
in case l have any heavy lifting to do.
lt's too hot.
l know, honey.
Hopefully it'll cool down soon.
Did you sleep any better last night?
More nightmares?
What was it, the big, scary ghost
or the alligator?
No. The Bay Harbor Butcher.
Oh, honey.
He would never hurt you.
But l'll let you in on a secret.
My sister, Debra, who is a secret
police agent ninja warrior.
said he only kills bad people,
and you're not a bad person, are you?
No.
Then you're quite safe.
Why don't you go get dressed
and l will make you
some breakfast, OK?
lt makes me so angry that there's some. . .
monster out there scaring my son.
l got to go to work.
You know, l hope they catch him today.
And l'm not a violent person,
but l hope they hurt him.
Have a good day.
Make up your mind.
ln our most paranoid moments,
we fear that everyone is talking about us.
That's become my reality.
l can't hear what they're saying,
but l know it"s not nice.
Let's get started.
We have positive lDs
on all 1 8 of our complete bodies.
1 3 of those have felony records.
Organized crime.
Nope. No connection to organized crime.
No mutual gang affiliation, either.
But all 1 3 were either tried for murder
or at least suspected of murder.
Still, you have your pattern.
Yes, we just don't know what it means.
l think we go out
with this news immediately.
- What news?
- The news that our serial killer
is only killing the dregs of society,
that good, moral people
have nothing to fear.
But, Captain, that's all. . .
This is the only lead we have.
We need to keep it tightly wrapped.
Last night, an elderly man shot his son
when he came home late.
Thought it was the Bay Harbor Butcher.
- We've got a city in chaos here. Frank.
- l understand you want to reassure people.
Good. Then we're in agreement.
Dex, l got this huge break
in the Bay Harbor case.
Bullshit.
l mean, really?
Guys, guys. You are not going to. . .
l refuse to believe
that Vince Masuka is the man
who single-handedly brings me down.
l also know denial is the first stage
of the grieving process
for those who learn they're going to die.
l need to find out what Masuka knows,
but l've got to be calm and centered...
and focused.
Time for a visit to my sponsor.
l need help.
Hi!
Hey! Just a minute!
- Dexter.
- Hope l'm not interrupting anything.
No. Glad you called.
Just. . .give me a minute.
Yeah, have a look around.
So, hey, l was. . .gonna go
and get some art supplies.
ls that all right?
Do you want to come?
Yeah. l'm just on my lunch break.
Excellent.
Why are they eating each other?
Don't know.
Ask them.
Do you like the heat?
Not really.
l'm partial to air-conditioning.
l love it.
lt makes me feel like the whole world
could explode at any moment.
That's a pleasant thought.
- ls there an art store near here?
- So, you been using?
Using what? Oh.
No. No drugs.
- Perfectly clean.
- Look what we have here!
Jesus. What are you. . .
Come on.
You gonna help or what?
That was a little weird.
So, if you're perfectly clean,
why'd you call?
l'm under a lot of pressure at work.
l. . .was hoping you could maybe
give me some quick tips
on how to deal with the urges.
There are no quick tips.
Oh. l see.
Someone's gonna hear that.
They'll think it's the wind.
- l thought we were getting art supplies.
- That's exactly...
what we're doing.
l work with found art.
lt's more like stolen art.
ls this what a sponsor normally does
on their first meeting?
l don't know.
l've never sponsored anyone before.
- Really?
- Yeah, but don't worry.
l've had all kinds of sponsors.
Learnt from the best.
You do realize l work
with the police department?
lf we get caught.
you can flash your badge.
l don't have a badge.
l have a laminate.
Could we talk about why l called you?
Yeah, sure.
You want help?
So, tell me. . .
why do you use?
Why?
l don't know. lt's just part of who l am.
And who are you?
l'm a. . .
bad person.
You haven't got the first idea
who you are. have you?
Dexter, meet Dexter.
l'm gonna help the two of you
get to know each other.
That doesn't really seem necessary.
The first step to recovery
is accepting who you are.
l thought the first step was
admitting you have a problem.
And before you can accept who you are,
you have to know who you are.
So that's our first job.
You're going to tell me all your
deepest. darkest secrets.
There's something
off about him, Harry.
You know why.
All right, look.
lt wouldn't hurt
to have him tested, would it?
Hello? Yes.
lt. . . Just a sec.
l got to get back. Dead body.
Hm! How many times have you
used that one before?
So, the husband's name
is Barnes, B-A-R-N-E-S.
What do we have?
Hello, Dexter.
Gunshot victim.
Alisha Barnes, 36.
So, l heard there may be some big break
in the Bay Harbor Butcher case.
Could be.
The neighbor heard the victim arguing
with her husband last night, Curtis Barnes.
Masuka was pretty excited about it.
His car's gone.
Nobody knows where he is.
- Any idea what they found?
- Can we concentrate on this case, please?
Sure.
The killer was standing right about
where you are. sergeant Doakes.
Two shots to the chest.
l only see one hole in the chest.
Yeah, they are that close together.
lt's very impressive shooting.
lt looks like the bullets
took nearly identical exit paths,
judging from the spray.
And this was all topped off
by a final shot to the head.
She was Mozambiqued.
What?
Triple-tapped.
Oh, shit.
l'm guessing this is Curtis Barnes.
Here he is in what looks like
somalia. Afghanistan.
A Russian grenade, a Kurdish dagger,
and tell me that shit wasn't
from Saddam's palace.
What are you saying?
l'm saying, asshole's special ops.
There's no doubt about it.
They're generally known
for settling their arguments so peaceably.
Don't get smug with me.
Sounds like we're in your world, James.
Yeah, l'll take lead on this one.
Pick a body.
Sir?
l want you each to pick a body.
This is where the case
is going to be made.
We have 1 3 suspected murderers
and then we have these gentlemen.
Robert Thatcher.
janitor for the school district.
with no criminal record.
Marcus White, tow-truck driver,
no criminal record.
And this. . .
this is. . .
Oscar Sota.
What's his story?
Naval engineer for the port of Miami,
member of the stewardship council
of St. Tarsicia Catholic church.
Married, loved, respected.
But he was found in a bag
under the sea with 1 3 killers.
Why? Answer that question.
then we really know something.
l got him.
Oscar Sota.
Why did the killer cut them up like this?
Ease of disposal.
Or for fun.
You don't kill this many people
because it's a chore.
You do it 'cause you like it.
OK.
Great.
Tomorrow.
The Barnes case?
Yeah, that was a buddy of mine
from special ops.
He heard Curtis Barnes
was still in Miami.
The only part of that that l find surprising
is that you have a buddy.
lt turns out Barnes and l both
were Ranger RRD.
Regimental reconnaissance detachment,
the guys you're not supposed to know about
who get in before everybody else.
A brother in arms.
Something like that.
My buddy put me in touch
with a guy from Curtis' unit.
- He's willing to talk to me.
- Good.
l got your blood report.
lt's all pretty straightforward.
- l'd be careful, though.
- Why's that?
The trajectory of the bullets
are all level,
Exact same angle of origin.
l'd say all three shots were
fired in less than a second.
lt's very impressive shooting.
Morgan.
l'm gonna need you to run
some tests on this shirt.
- ls there blood?
- No blood.
l'm really the blood guy.
lt's a smell. lt smells like a woman.
Which part?
Who can identify this for me?
You know, that's really Masuka's area.
He's definitely your man.
Thanks.
Anything l can do to overburden
Masuka is to my advantage.
l'm not above sending pizzas and hookers
to his house in the middle of the night.
Well, everything's unpacked.
The back bedroom's small,
but it's quieter.
l'm just happy to be here, that's all.
You're always welcome.
Am l? l wasn't sure.
Of course you are.
All these years without an invitation.
l just. . . l thought you didn't want to come.
You and Paul. . .
Oh. nonsense.
l wasn't gonna let that keep me away
from my daughter
and my grandchildren.
But you did let it keep you away.
Let's not assign blame, Rita.
Nothing good ever comes of that.
We'll just have to make up
for lost time, that's all.
- Hi.
- Hey.
Dexter, this is my mother.
Gail. So nice to meet you.
Nice to meet you, too, Dexter.
l've always been good with parents.
The key is to simply think of them as aliens
from a distant universe.
"'You have fibers and threads
unknown to us.
"'Your ancient customs intrigue me."'
So, Dexter, tell me everything
there is to know about you.
"'You have made me
your sworn enemy, evil woman."'
l work in the forensics department
for the Miami Metro PD.
and l'm very fond of your daughter.
Good answer.
l'm also very fond of my daughter.
You did a good job raising her.
30 years as a school teacher.
l've got a little experience with children,
and l see a young man who is not eating.
l'm not hungry.
He's scared the Butcher's gonna get him.
Oh. Well. remember.
he only gets bad people.
l was bad today.
l threw a ball at Tommy Alvarez.
Well, that's not too bad.
And even if it was.
the Bay Harbor Butcher doesn't hurt kids.
He doesn't?
Definitely not. You're safe.
When are they gonna hurry up
and catch him?
They are working as hard as they can.
lf what l've heard is true -
that he only goes after criminals -
l say leave him alone.
He's got my seal of approval.
Perhaps l have misjudged you, O wise one.
Really?
Yeah, sister spilled everything.
Thinks he killed their parents
and made it look like a car accident.
The living trust was in his name.
Nice work.
So, what's it gonna be tonight?
Chinese, ltalian?
Actually, l have a. . .
social appointment.
You mean like a date?
l guess you could call it that.
Wow, look at you,
new in town
and already hooking up.
lt's an introduction
arranged by a friend.
One needs to get out
and have a little fun on occasion.
lt's something l strongly
recommend for you as well.
Yeah. With the hours we work. . .
l'm serious. Make time for it.
lt'll help keep you better balanced.
Yes, sir.
Are you OK?
Yeah, it's just. . .
something at work.
Are you handling it OK?
l ended up seeing my sponsor
today at lunch.
How'd that go?
Not so great.
She's a. . .little odd.
Plays a little loose with the 1 2 steps.
That doesn't seem smart,
making up your own.
Maybe it's 'cause it's her first time
being a sponsor.
Well, maybe you should try someone else.
l just want to. . .
do what's best for my recovery.
Well, maybe someone older,
more like you, more. . .manly.
Yeah, maybe.
Yeah.
- Hey.
You remember me?
Yeah.
You're the girl doesn't like tape.
Debra, actually.
l'm Gabriel.
Done for the night?
Yeah.
Any interest in grabbing a drink?
Usually a lady has to buy me dinner first.
Stop talking and get your pants off.
- Are you always like this?
- No.
No, l haven't even had sex since. . .
Since what?
- You all right?
- Yeah, just one second.
Look, we don't have to do this,
you know?
Oh.
Oh, you're into the kinky stuff, huh?
No, the last guy l had sex with
tried to kill me.
"'Who is the Bay Harbor Butcher?"'
God. This obsession
with him is reIentIess.
Just Iike Deb and that damn treadmiII.
Deb, do you ever stop?
Dexter. Jesus.
you're supposed to be at Rita's!
Sorry. Sorry.
Fuck.
Morning.
So, that was a little weird last night.
No, yeah, well, it was dark.
My eyes hadn't adjusted.
All l could see were shadows.
Yeah. Well, please put those
shadows out of your mind.
What's this big break in the Bay Harbor
Butcher case l keep hearing about?
- Algae.
- Algae?
Yeah. Masuka found microscopic algae
inside the garbage bags with the bodies.
Algae under the sea, imagine that.
How does that help?
'Cause there are over 1 00,000 species,
all different.
Masuka thinks he can use them to pinpoint
in which harbor the killer keeps his boat.
He's got some marine biologists coming.
Can you imagine something so little
being the thing that breaks this case?
l got to go. l'll see you at the station.
It doesn't make sense.
lf there's algae on my victims,
it would have to come from
the ocean where l dumped them.
Obviously, l'm missing something,
and I don't Iike that.
Mrs. sota. l understand you wanting
to protect your husband's reputation,
but your cooperation could
help us catch a serial killer.
l am cooperating.
You haven't told me anything.
'Cause there's nothing to tell!
- Maria.
- You off to meet the man from Curtis' unit?
- Yeah, at the Blue Wing Marina.
- You have backup?
Oh, yeah, all kinds of backup.
Helicopters and shit.
- James.
- Listen, we got a missing murder suspect.
This guy's a friend of his.
l'm just gonna go talk to him.
Right.
You're the lone holdout.
Every other suspect has a criminal past
and not just any criminal past.
They were all linked to murder.
Oscar never murdered anybody.
Then why was he killed?
l don't know. Maybe he found out
who the serial killer is!
OK, so your husband is an engineer
and a secret crime fighter.
- Are you through?
- You're gonna tell me what he did.
Oh, no. You are through.
Just what l need.
Hello?
You Doakes?
l am.
And l'm guessing you're not
gonna tell me your name.
l'm Curtis Barnes.
l checked you out.
We know a lot of the same people.
Everyone says l can trust you.
You can trust me.
l just need 48 hours.
Somebody's gonna take me to Cuba,
but it'll take a day to get the papers l need.
So, what are you asking?
Stall the investigation.
Let me ask you one question.
Yeah.
Did you kill your wife?
Yeah. l killed Alisha.
Turn around.
- Turn the fuck around!
- No, you are not arresting me.
- Put the fucking gun down!
- l don't think so.
So, how'd your social
appointment go last night?
You know. . .
l took your advice.
My advice?
To get out and have some fun.
Got laid big-time.
Well.
Oh, l mean. . .
l don't usually just go to the gym
and pick up strangers.
The gym?
Really, you have to save me here,
or l'm gonna shoot myself.
The way you're going, you'd probably miss.
Thanks.
My date. . .
was horrible.
l picked her up.
and l don't know Miami,
so l got us completely lost
and she was chattering away the whole time
about this yogi master l just have to meet,
so when we got to the restaurant,
l was tearing my hair out.
Oh, God. l'm sorry.
No, it was good.
lt was a reminder that. . .
l shouldn't be dating.
Of course you should be.
No.
lt all comes down
to simple mathematics.
A really beautiful relationship
is a once-in-a-lifetime thing. . .
and l've already had mine.
Lundy.
Hey, so, l heard you found some algae
- that might help crack the big case.
- You heard right.
What kind of algae?
Diatoms.
Eukaryotic algae.
OK, this is the first time
l regret not being a bigger nerd.
Eukaryotic?
l'll let Manny explain it to you.
He's picking up the evidence tomorrow
so he can study it in his own lab.
You know marine biologists,
real prima donnas.
- Any chance you could show me?
- Masuka. Up front.
Oh, no. lt's that crazy witch.
What is this shit?
l told you to find a smell.
How fucking hard can that be?
Look, l told you, a smell isn't. . .
lt smells like another woman. l can smell it!
Why can't you?
This man is ruining my life
and you all go on like
nothing is happening!
Esmee.
Come on, come on.
This is the kind of thing that
makes me glad l have no feelings.
Like they always say,
never take your dirty laundry to work.
We can stand here all fucking day.
l don't give a fuck.
but you're gonna put that gun down.
Now, we were both rangers.
That bond goes deep.
That doesn't mean anything to you?
lf you weren't a ranger.
l'd have shot your ass by now.
You killed your wife, man.
l didn't mean to.
lt happened, man.
You married?
No.
Ever?
Once.
She dropped your ass, didn't she?
What?
Got tired of you
punching holes in the walls,
waking up in the middle
of the night screaming?
she's always yelling.
"You got to get help! "
So she sends you to some doctor,
but you don't go. . .
'cause you know there's no help
for this kind of fucked-up.
And finally, she can't take it any more,
and she just says. . .
That sound about right?
You got it wrong, man.
l left her.
And why was that?
'Cause l was afraid if l didn't, l'd kill her.
Let's take the boat out.
Now, why would we want to do that, man?
We'd get out of this heat, for one.
Nice ocean breeze.
Maybe head toward Cuba.
No.
Come on, just get me to within sight.
l could swim from there.
Once l'm there, l could find the. . .
You're wasting your time.
Curtis, you're going back
to the station with me.
No. l'm not going to prison.
l didn't mean to kill her.
lt's the only way out of here.
Can't get you to reconsider?
Not a chance.
Well, that's too bad. . .
'cause like l said, l'm not going to prison.
Put the fucking gun down, Curtis.
Don't make me do it, Curtis!
Motherfucker.
You gonna tell me how you're doing?
l'm fine.
Come on, Dex. Open up.
Very fine?
You're gonna have to do better than that.
What's going on inside your head?
What are you thinking?
l'm afraid we're. . .
done. . .
you and l.
Serious?
You're breaking up with me?
Actually, l don't think l want
to answer any more questions.
Listen, Dexter, whatever
you think is right, is wrong.
He asks you a question.
l want you to think of your answer first
and then tell him the exact opposite, OK?
So, let's just jump in, all right?
Does it make you angry when
your teachers tell you what to do?
No.
Are you often bored?
Have you ever killed an animal?
No.
Never.
l should get back to work.
Thanks. . .for everything.
l heard about Pascal's little meltdown.
She's been under a lot of stress.
- You're still doing it.
- What's that?
Sticking up for her.
She is my superior.
You know, l may have
misjudged you. Maria.
Maybe you are more
than a political animal.
You just might be a real cop.
That's what l've been trying to tell you.
You're back in charge of Homicide,
effective immediately.
Thank you.
Pascal just set women
in the department back 20 years.
lt's up to you to turn that around.
There it is,
like a gigantic white whale.
My Moby-Dick.
Man, this heat. l can't take it.
l've got to get in my car
before l fucking melt.
Which is exactly what needs to happen
to my dearly departed friends.
- Lila, what are you doing here?
- Hey.
Dexter, you know, l've been thinking
about you breaking up with me,
and, well. . .
l don't think it's in your best interest.
l'm tired...
and hot, and l have somewhere to be.
l think you should give me another chance.
There's nothing you can do to help me.
lt's not even you. lt's me.
l am who l am.
and nobody's gonna change that.
Whatever you think you are,
you don't have to be that.
That's where you're wrong.
Stop judging yourself.
There are no absolutes.
No one's all good or evil.
You're just gonna have to trust me on this.
Jesus. Dexter!
What are you so fucking scared of?
You make yourself into a monster
so you no longer
bear responsibility for what you do.
"l can't help it. l'm a monster.
"Oh, of course l was gonna do that,
l'm a monster." lt's sad.
And it's pathetic.
And it breaks my heart.
You don't think there are monsters
in this world?
You don't believe people are evil?
l'll show you evil.
Well, you want me to open one?
Joseph Cepeda.
Wow.
Can l touch?
OK.
This isn't exactly the reaction
l was looking for.
Well, l've never seen anything
like this before.
You're not disgusted. . .
appalled, horrified?
This. . .
lncredible.
But the person who did this. . .
ls a person just like me. . .
like you.
We're all good, Dexter,
and we're all evil.
l thought l closed the door
to anyone ever seeing me for who l am,
but this woman sees me.
She doesn't know it
but she's looking behind the mask
and she"s not turning away.
You really impressed me
in there today, son.
l don't know how you did it,
but great job.
l just pretended to be someone else.
lt's working. Keep doing it.
l mean, that doctor didn't even
see the monster inside you.
l mean, not monster.
lt's just, son, you know
that you have these dark urges.
Anyway, good job.
And somehow, even under all this pressure,
she's abIe to make me
feeI OK about who I am
and what I am.
So. . .
see you soon?
Yes.
l'm here for you.
l've already told you everything.
l know. l'm sorry.
l came here to apologies.
- You were very rude.
- l was.
lt was shameful of me to disgrace
the memory of your husband.
Thank you.
lt's been a rough few days,
not that you should care
about that. but...
You know, all these bodies. . .
l've never seen anything like it.
All murdered. . .
cut into pieces.
The only way l could
make sense out of it
was to convince myself
that they deserved it.
They all needed to be bad people.
But l should never have
taken it out on you.
Can you feel it?
The breeze?
Coming over the water?
lt's nice.
Yeah.
lt's finally cooling down.
Have a nice evening.
Wait.
My husband. . .
he kept guns...
hidden in the walls.
l can show you.
I've never broken into
my own place of employment,
but desperate times...
Garbage men can be so careless.
l say put this
Bay Harbor Butcher on the city payroll.
Give him a corner office, a company car,
and aII the ammunition he needs.
At least somebody is doing
something to clean up Miami,
which is more than l can say
for those folks down at City Hall.
- Hey, Debra.
- Hi.
Sorry about last night.
Don't be.
Maybe we can. . .
do it again.
How would you feel about a real date -
you know, with clothes on?
Where we actually talk
and get to know each other?
Something like that.
Sounds good. How about Saturday?
Deal.
Pick you up at eight.
And with us right now,
we have psychologist Sandy Ramos
to provide insight into
the Bay Harbor Butcher -
eviI seriaI kiIIer
or avenging force for good?
This is the last time.
Bertrand?
Oh. babe. come on.
You don't mean that.
No, l do mean it. l do.
l can't see you any more.
Wait, wait, wait, wait, no.
No. wait. no.
l don't understand, Maria.
This. . .this is done.
She's gone. lt's over with.
We can finally be out in the open.
Just you and me, OK?
Just like what we wanted.
No, Bertrand, stop.
Stop it. Stop, stop, stop. Stop!
Go back to Esmee.
So, what, this is how it is?
You get your job back...
and now you. . .you're through with me?
Look, don't play the victim.
You knew what this was
from the beginning.
You are one cold-hearted bitch,
l'll tell you that.
No, you don't get to tell me anything!
l am not the piece of shit
fucking another woman
behind his fiancee's back!
You try and judge me, asshole.
You don't know the first thing about me.
Yeah, so, l think l misjudged Lila.
Are you sure?
l mean, she's unconventional
but l think she's the best sponsor. . .
for me.
Well, if she can help keep you clean. . .
Chop, chop, chop, chop,
chop, chop, chop, chop!
Whoa, who's this?
Could it be Robin Hood?
No, l'm the Butcher Man!
l made it for him.
l thought it might help with the nightmares.
Bet you didn't know you could fly.
Have l misjudged Lila? l have no idea.
l do know she's helping me look
at myself in a different way.
He's good, that one.
l know. l got lucky.
Quite an actor.
He's hiding something. l'm sure of it.
For example.
we find the genus Nitzschia,
and we know we're talking
about a freshwater marina,
and the algae can tell us more
about what kind of pollutants
are in the water.
which would even further narrow. . .
Damn it!
For the first time,
l feel the future might hold
something different for me.
lt's possible l'm just fooling myself,
but l'm willing to take the risk.
Fucking garbage men.
Broke the refrigeration unit.
lt blew hot air all night.
Turned the bodies into pink mush.
How awful!
Completely ruined.
You brought your marine
biologist and everything.
Yeah. Made him vomit.
Good thing the heat
didn't affect the rocks.
Lundy had us store them separately.
The rocks?
Yeah. The algae we found on the rocks.
The Bay Harbor Butcher used them
to weigh his bags down.
We're assuming he picked them up
where he docks his boat.
But l thought the marine biologist
came to examine the bodies.
No. No, it's all about the rocks, baby.
Manny took him to his lab.
Should have results in a week or so.
That should help us narrow down
what marina they came from.
lt's an odd sensation to be experiencing
what might be called hope
for the first time in my life.
At the same time, l suddenly
find myself weighing the benefits
of electrocution versus lethal injection.
But here I am.